README.md, before:

**BUDGET-BEE**  
**Project Description**  
This project aims to create a Budget Tracker App(Budget-Bee) that helps students track their money by tracking expenses, setting budgets, and learning to save. Developed by Lydia Kandjengo, El-Salvador Pashita and Rosalia Kathindi as part of the WAD621S-Web Application Development module.  

**Problem Statement**  
Many students are often blindend by the newfound freedom they experience when they enter university. They struggle to manage their finances effectively due to limited income and multipple expenses such food, accommodation, transport and leisure. Without proper guidance or tools to monitor their expenses, they face financial stress and develop poor money habits. A budget tracker provides students with a practical way to set daily, weekly or monthly limits to build a culture of saving.  

**Features**  
Inccome & Expense Tracking  
Budget Planning  
Responsive Design  

**Challenges**  
setting budgets for certain time periods  
users engaging   
accuracy of the data   
technical limitations    

**How to Use the Budget Tracker Website**  

**1. Get the Project**  
You can either **download the ZIP file** or **clone it from GitHub**.  
If downloading:click the green **""Code""** button -> select **""Download ZIP""** -> unzip the file to your computer.  
If cloning: open your terminal and type:  
git clone hhhtps://github.com/your-username/student-budget-app.git  

**2. Open the Project Folder**  
Find the folder you downloaded or cloned.  
You will see files like **index.html**,**style.css**, and **script,js**- these make up your website.  

**3. Run the App**  
Double-click **index.html** to open it in your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, or Edge).  
The website will load on your computer.  
Use the menu bar to explore:  
**Home** -> See what the app is about  
**Tracker** -> Add or view your income and expenses  
**About Us** -> Learn more about the project and the developers  

**4. (Optional) For Developer**  
If you want to edit the website, open the folder in **Visual Studio Code** or another text editor.  
You can make changes to the **HTML**, **CSS**, or **JavaScript** files.  
Save your edits and refresh your browser to see the updates.  

**Technologies Used**  
**HTML**, **CSS**, **JavaScript** -> for creating the website  
**MySQL**-> for storing data like income and expenses

Commit message:

Revise challenges in README.md
Updated challenges section to include uploading to GitHub and technical limitations with PHP.

README.md, after:

**BUDGET-BEE**  
**Project Description**  
This project aims to create a Budget Tracker App(Budget-Bee) that helps students track their money by tracking expenses, setting budgets, and learning to save. Developed by Lydia Kandjengo, El-Salvador Pashita and Rosalia Kathindi as part of the WAD621S-Web Application Development module.  

**Problem Statement**  
Many students are often blindend by the newfound freedom they experience when they enter university. They struggle to manage their finances effectively due to limited income and multipple expenses such food, accommodation, transport and leisure. Without proper guidance or tools to monitor their expenses, they face financial stress and develop poor money habits. A budget tracker provides students with a practical way to set daily, weekly or monthly limits to build a culture of saving.  

**Features**  
Inccome & Expense Tracking  
Budget Planning  
Responsive Design  

**Challenges**  
setting budgets for certain time periods     
uploading to github   
technical limitations(working with php)    

**How to Use the Budget Tracker Website**  

**1. Get the Project**  
You can either **download the ZIP file** or **clone it from GitHub**.  
If downloading:click the green **""Code""** button -> select **""Download ZIP""** -> unzip the file to your computer.  
If cloning: open your terminal and type:  
git clone hhhtps://github.com/your-username/student-budget-app.git  

**2. Open the Project Folder**  
Find the folder you downloaded or cloned.  
You will see files like **index.html**,**style.css**, and **script,js**- these make up your website.  

**3. Run the App**  
Double-click **index.html** to open it in your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, or Edge).  
The website will load on your computer.  
Use the menu bar to explore:  
**Home** -> See what the app is about  
**Tracker** -> Add or view your income and expenses  
**About Us** -> Learn more about the project and the developers  

**4. (Optional) For Developer**  
If you want to edit the website, open the folder in **Visual Studio Code** or another text editor.  
You can make changes to the **HTML**, **CSS**, or **JavaScript** files.  
Save your edits and refresh your browser to see the updates.  

**Technologies Used**  
**HTML**, **CSS**, **JavaScript** -> for creating the website  
**MySQL**-> for storing data like income and expenses
